# Relaying Meta-Transactions Using Defender Client API


## Structure

- `autotasks/relay`: Javascript code for the meta-transaction relay, to be run as a Defender Autotask, compiled using rollup.
- `contracts`: Solidity code for the Registry contract, compiled with [hardhat](https://hardhat.org/).
- `scripts`: Custom scripts for common tasks, such as uploading Autotask code, signing sample meta-txs, etc.
- `src`: Shared code for signing meta-txs and interacting with the Forwarder contract.
- `test`: Tests for contracts and Autotask.

## Scripts

- `yarn deploy`: Compiles and deploys the Registry and Forwarder contracts to Goerli, and writes their addresses in `deploy.json`.
- `yarn sign`: Signs a meta-tx requesting the registration of `NAME`, using the relayer client credentials stored in `.env.relay`, and writes it to `tmp/request.json`.
- `yarn events`: Lists all the `Registered` events from the deployed contract on Goerli.
- `yarn invoke`: Invokes the relay Autotask via `WEBHOOK_URL` with the contents of `tmp/request.json` generated by `yarn sign`.
- `yarn create-autotask`: Compiles and creates the Autotask and uploads the Autotask code.
- `yarn upload`: Compiles and uploads the Autotask code to `AUTOTASK_ID`.
- `yarn relay`: Runs the relay Autotask script locally, using the Defender Relayer for `RELAY_API_KEY`.
- `yarn test`: Runs tests for contracts and Autotask using hardhat.

## Environment

Expected `.env` file in the project root:

- `PRIVATE_KEY`: Private key used for signing meta-txs locally.
- `TEAM_API_KEY`: Defender Team API key, used for uploading autotask code.
- `TEAM_API_SECRET`: Defender Team API secret.

Expected `.env` file in `/app`:

- `REACT_APP_WEBHOOK_URL`: Webhook of the Autotask to invoke for relaying meta-txs.
- `REACT_APP_QUICKNODE_URL`: Optional URL to Quicknode for connecting to the Goerli network from the dapp.



## Run the code

To run the workshop code yourself you will need to [sign up to Defender](https://defender.openzeppelin.com/).

### Fork and clone the repo

First fork the repository and then Git Clone your fork to your computer and install dependencies using

```js
$ yarn
```


### Configure the project

Create a `.env` file in the project root

```js
PRIVATE_KEY="Private key used for signing meta-txs locally"
TEAM_API_KEY="Defender Team API key, used for uploading autotask code"
TEAM_API_SECRET="Defender Team API secret"
```

Store the value of a new private key in our projects `.env` file.

### Create Relayer

Create a relayer using [Defender Relay Client](https://docs.openzeppelin.com/defender/relay-api-reference) on Goerli.

```js
$ yarn create-relay
```

This runs a script that creates a relayer and stores the relayer API key and API secret in the projects `.env` file.

### Deploy contracts

Use the newly created Relayer to deploy the MinimalForwarder and Registry contracts to Goerli

```js
$ yarn deploy
```

### Create Autotask

Create an [Autotask using Defender Client](https://docs.openzeppelin.com/defender/autotasks-api-reference), with a webhook trigger and connected to our Goerli relayer.

```js
$ yarn create-autotask
```

This creates the autotask, saves the Autotask ID to the .env file [AUTO_TASK_ID]), and uploads the autotask code.

Save the Autotask webhook to your .env as the WEBHOOK_URL and in the /app .env file as the REACT_APP_WEBHOOK_URL.

Test the meta-transaction’s functionality with ``` $ yarn sign ``` followed by ``` $ yarn invoke ```.
